Refine the example and do some maintenance (#14)
dynatrace-oss/opentelemetry-metric-python: README.md

counter.add(25, {"dimension-1", "value-1"})
```

### Example

To run the [example](example/basic_example.py), clone this repository and change to the `opentelemetry-metric-python` folder, then run:

```shell

> pip install .                       `# install the Dynatrace exporter locally`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pip install .                       `# install the Dynatrace exporter locally`
```
Where else would you install it?

> export LOGLEVEL=DEBUG               `# (optional) Set the log level, valid values are: DEBUG, INFO, WARN/WARNING, ERROR, CRITICAL/FATAL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export LOGLEVEL=DEBUG               `# (optional) Set the log level to default to see more output (default is INFO)
```

> python example/basic_example.py    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python example/basic_example.py
```

```

> A more complete set up routine can be found [here](example/example_usage.sh), including installing inside a virtual environment and getting required packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A more complete setup routine can be found [here](example/example_usage.sh), including installing inside a virtual environment and getting required packages.
```

> If you just want to see it in action, it should be sufficient to run [`example/install_and_run.sh`](example/install_and_run.sh).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you just want to see it in action, it should be sufficient to run [`example/install_and_run.sh`](example/install_and_run.sh) from the root folder.
```

> If you just want to see it in action, it should be sufficient to run [`example/example_usage.sh`](example/example_usage.sh).

Reviewer: I think `install_and_run.sh` or similar would be a clearer name.

> This script will set up a virtual environment, pull in all the required packages and run the [example](example/basic_example.py).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script will install Python, set up a virtual environment, pull in all the required packages and run the [example](example/basic_example.py).
```

#### Metric Key Prefix

> The `prefix` parameter specifies an optional prefix, which is prepended metric key, separated by a dot (`<prefix>.<namespace>.<name>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `prefix` parameter specifies an optional prefix, which is prepended to each metric key, separated by a dot (`<prefix>.<namespace>.<name>`).
```

#### Default Dimensions

The `default_dimensions` parameter can be used to optionally specify a list of key/value pairs, which will be added as additional dimensions to all data points.
Dimension keys are unique, and labels on instruments will overwrite the default dimensions if key collisions appear.

#### Export OneAgent Metadata

> If running on a host with a running OneAgent, setting this option will export metadata collected by the OneAgent to the Dynatrace endpoint.

Reviewer: The name of the parameter is not mentioned.

> If running on a host with a running OneAgent, setting this option will export metadata collected by the OneAgent to the Dynatrace endpoint.

Reviewer: The precedence over labels and default dimensions needs to be documented.

The `prefix` parameter specifies an optional prefix, which is prepended to each metric key, separated by a dot (`<prefix>.<namespace>.<name>`).

#### Default Dimensions

The `default_dimensions` parameter can be used to optionally specify a list of key/value pairs, which will be added as additional dimensions to all data points.
Dimension keys are unique, and labels on instruments will overwrite the default dimensions if key collisions appear.

#### Export OneAgent Metadata

If running on a host with a running OneAgent, setting the `export_oneagent_metadata` option to `True` will export metadata collected by the OneAgent to the Dynatrace endpoint.
If no Dynatrace API endpoint is set, the default exporter endpoint will be the OneAgent endpoint, and this option will be set automatically.
Therefore, if no endpoint is specified, we assume a OneAgent is running and export to it, including metadata.

> ##### Dimensions precedence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Dimensions precedence

```

> When specifying default dimensions, labels and OneAgent metadata enrichment, the precedence of dimensions with the same key is as follows: Default dimensions are overwritten by labels passed to instruments, which in turn are overwritten by the OneAgent dimensions (even though the likeliness of a collision here is very low). If the same key is present _within_ any of the three categories, the last occurrence of each key will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When specifying default dimensions, labels and OneAgent metadata enrichment, the precedence of dimensions with the same key is as follows:
Default dimensions are overwritten by labels passed to instruments, which in turn are overwritten by the OneAgent dimensions
(even though the likeliness of a collision here is very low, since the OneAgent metadata only contains [Dynatrace reserved dimensions](https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/metrics/metric-ingestion/metric-ingestion-protocol/#syntax) starting with `dt.*`).
```
